Document how to federate metrics from the shoot Prometheus (#11609)
gardener/gardener: docs/monitoring/README.md

**Purpose**: Monitor all relevant components belonging to a shoot cluster managed by Gardener. Shoot owners can view the metrics in Plutono dashboards and receive alerts based on these metrics. For alerting internals refer to [this](alerting.md) document.

#### Federate from the shoot Prometheus

> Shoot owners that are interested in collecting metrics for their shoot's kube API servers can deploy their own Prometheus and federate metrics from the shoot Prometheus. Scraping the shoot's kube API server directly from within the shoot, while technically possible, will only result in meaningless metrics because the shoot's API server pods are behind a Load Balancer, and it is impossible to control which API server pod is targeted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shoot owners that are interested in collecting metrics for their shoot's `kube-apiserver` can deploy their own Prometheus and federate metrics from the shoot Prometheus. Directly scraping the shoot's `kube-apiserver` from within the shoot is technically possible via the service but problematic: The API server pods are behind a load balancer, which means requests are distributed randomly across pods. This makes it impossible to consistently target a specific `kube-apiserver` instance, leading to inconsistent or misleading metrics. 
```

Author: Let's do it more generic instead 👍🏻

> The following snippet is a configuration example to federate shoot's kube API server metrics from the shoot Prometheus. The federated metrics will have a `pod` label to distinguish between the different API server pods. The credentials and endpoint for the shoot Prometheus are exposed via the dashboard, or programmatically in the shoot's project namespace in the garden virtual cluster as a secret:<br/>`<shoot-name>.monitoring`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet is a configuration example to federate shoot's kube API server metrics from the shoot Prometheus. The federated metrics will have a `pod` label to distinguish between the different API server pods. The credentials and endpoint for the shoot Prometheus are exposed via the dashboard, or programmatically in the shoot's project namespace in the garden virtual cluster as a secret: `<shoot-name>.monitoring`.
```

Reviewer: If the html tag served a purpose here, please enlighten me (:

Author: In the original text, `<shoot-name>.monitoring` was hit by a line-break. The `<br/>` was just a work around to break the line early :)

**Purpose**: Monitor all relevant components belonging to a shoot cluster managed by Gardener. Shoot owners can view the metrics in Plutono dashboards and receive alerts based on these metrics. For alerting internals refer to [this](alerting.md) document.

#### Federate from the Shoot Prometheus to an External Prometheus

> Shoot owners that are interested in collecting metrics for their shoot's control-planes can do so by federating from their shoot Prometheus instances. This allows shoot owner's to selectively pull metrics from the shoot Prometheus into their own Prometheus instance. Collecting shoot's control-plane metrics by directly scraping control-plane resources will not work because such resources are managed by Gardener and are either not visible for shoot owners or are behind a load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shoot owners that are interested in collecting metrics for their shoot's control-planes can do so by federating from their shoot Prometheus instances. This allows shoot owners to selectively pull metrics from the shoot Prometheus into their own Prometheus instance. Collecting shoot's control-plane metrics by directly scraping control-plane resources will not work because such resources are managed by Gardener and are either not accessible to shoot owners or are behind a load balancer.
```
